Q1. What is MVC (Model, View and Controller)? Explain MVC life cycle?
    It is framework to build web application using MVC framework design.
        Model - Represents the data
        View - Displays the data
        Controller - It acts as an mediator between Model and view.
                    It takes the request from view and process the business logic by communicating with the model.
                    and finally, responds to the view with output.


Q2. What are the advantages of MVC over Webforms?
    In webforms -> one view file (.aspx) is bind with the aspx.cs file -> Hence, it is tightly coupled.
    In MVC -> One view can interact with multiple controllers and one controller can interact with multiple views. No Tight coupling.

    MVC separates logic cleanly ie., UI(View), Business logic(controller), Model/Data logic(Model).
    MVC provides multiple view support due to separation of model from the view the UI can display multiple views of the 
    same data at the same time.


Q3. What are the different return types of a controller action method?
    ViewResult      -> returns web page from action method.
    PartialViewResult-> returns part of the view that renders inside another view.
    RedirectResult  -> It is used to redirect to any other controller or action method based on the URL.
    File            -> Returns binary result in the response.
    JSON            -> Returns Json result.
    Empyt           -> Returns void (nothing).


Q4. What are filters and their types in MVC?
    MVC filters is a custom class which wil be triggered befor the request hits the action method.
    This filters are used to perform some pre-processing logic like: 
            Authorization filter, 
            Action filter, 
            Result filter,
            Exception filter


Q5. What is Authentication and Authorization in mvc?
    Authentication - It identifies who are you?
        It is the process of identifying the user based on credentials and verifying the user identity.
    Authorization - What rights you have with in the application?
        What all access does the authenticated user is having.


Q6. What are the types of authentication?
    Form based Authentication - It is based on cookies, The authentication and permission settings are stored in Cookies.
    Passport Authentication - It is centralized authentication provided by Microsoft.
    Window authentication - This type of authentication is created for a web application for a limited number of users who already
                            have windows account. This is quite useful in an intranet environment.


Q7. What is Output caching in MVC? How to implement it?
    Output caching means - User sends request to server -> server communicates with database and returns the data from the 
                            database. Now instead of everytime reaching the database. Server internally caches the data and
                            supplies for user requests.
    Output cache enables you to cache the content returned by the controller action. This is kind of result filter.


Q8. What is the difference between View data, View bag and temp data?
    Viewdata -> Controller to view - requires type casting for complex data types.
    Viewbag -> Controller to view (dynamic type) - doesn't require type casting.
    tempdata -> Controller to Controller - one time readable.


Q9. How to pass data from controller to view in MVC?
    Using ViewData / ViewBag


Q10. What is Partial view?
    It is a special view in MVC which renders portion of view content in MVC application.
    One partial view can be used in multiple views hence, it increases the code reusability and reduces the code duplication.

    