Q21. What is Unobtrusive Ajax?
    It is a progressive enhancement that focuses on the delivery of the content.
    The Ajax calls are made through built-in helpers to eliminate the need to add the blocks of code.


Q22. What is exception handling in MVC?
    Exception Handling in MVC is used to execute the action methods using try and catch blocks.
    It is the process for responding to the exceptional conditions for the special processing.


Q23. What is a Layout View?
    It allows creating a common template that inherits multiple views to provide a consistent look for an application.
        RenderSection()
        RenderBody()


Q24. What are Glimpse in MVC?
    Glimpse in MVC is a free and open-source NuGet platform used to perform operations like performance, debugging and diagnosis for the application.


Q25. What is a Request Life Cycle?
    It is a sequence of event that occurs when an HTTP request is handled by the application. 
    Request life cycle involves five steps.
        Routing
        MVC Handler
        Controller
        Action Invoker
        Result Execution


Q26. Explain the ways of adding the constraints to a router?
    Constraints to a router in MVC are added in two ways:
        Constraints to a router are added by using the object that implements the IRouterConstraint interface.
        Using regular expression.


Q27. Explain Routing in MVC?
    Routing is the process of mapping the browser request to the controller and responding back.
        Convention Based Routing
        Attribute Based Routing


Q28. What is ViewStart?
    ViewStart is introduced by a view engine that applies to all views automatically.
    

Q29. What is Attribute routing?
    Attribute routing is a type of routing that provides more control over the URL by defining routers directly on the actions and controller in the application.
        Reduce the chance of errors in the application.
        Easy to map routes pointing to the same action.
        More control over the URL.


Q30. How to change the action names in MVC?
    ActionName attribute is used for changing the action name in MVC.

    