Q21. What are Loop types in C#?
    for
    foreach
    while
    do while


Q22. What is continue and break statements in C#?
    Continue: It is used to skip the remaining statements inside the loop and goes to start position of the loop again.
    Break: It is used to exit from the loop.


Q23. What is the difference between array and arraylist?
    Array: 
        Strongly typed.
        Size is fixed.
    
    Arraylist:
        Not strictly typed. Can store any type of data.
        Not fixed size


Q24. What is the difference between arraylist and Hashtables?
    Arraylist:
        We can add only values to the array list
    Hashtables:
        We can add both Values and keys of any type.


Q25. What is this keyword in C#? When to use it?
    This Keyword is used to refer the current instance of the class.


Q26. What is the purpose of 'using' keyword in C#?
    There are 2 purposes of using keyword.
        1. while using namespaces/directives
        2. Using statement ensures that Dispose() is called even if an exception occurs.
            It is mostly used while creating database connections


Q27. What is the difference between 'is' and 'as'?
    IS -> it is used to check the type of an object.
    AS -> It is used to perform conversion between compatible reference type.


Q28. What is the difference between ReadOnly and constant?
    Readonly:
        We can declare value for varible while initialization at class level and at constructor level.
        The value of the variable can be changed only once.

    Constant:
        We can only define a variable and we can initialize a value for the same variable at class level. but we can't 
        assign value at constructor level.
        The value of the variable can't be changed even once.


Q29. What is Boxing and Un-boxing?
    Boxing:
        It is the process of converting value type to reference type.
    
    Un-boxing:
        it is the process of converting Reference type to value type. It is explicit type casting.


Q30. What is the difference between String and StringBuilder?
    String:
        String is immutable.
        We can't modify after it is created. we can only create a new string.

    StringBuilder:
        StringBuilder is mutable.
        We can modify the existing StringBuilder object.
        This will use append function to modify the value of StringBuilder Object
        