Q41. What is Jagged Array?
    In short Jagged array means. Arrays inside an Array. There can be any


Q42. What is enum?
    An enumeration is a set of named integer constants. An enumerated type is declared using the enum keyword.
    C# enumerations are value data type. In other words enumeration contains its own values and cannot inherit or cannot pass
    inheritance.


Q43. What is static class?
    A static class is basically the same as a non-static class, but there is one difference: a static class cannot be instantiated.
    In other words, We can't create an object for static class. and we can't use new keyword.


Q44. What are delegates?
    Delegates are type safe functional pointers. These are required to write much more generic type safe code.
    Encapsulating the methods call from caller.
    Used to call a method asynchronously.
    Effective use of delegates improves the performance of the application.


Q45. What is the difference between Struct and Class?
    Structs: Structs are value type
            Structs stored on the stack cause, additional overhead but retrieves the data fastly.
            Structs can't be inherited.

    Classes: Classes are reference type 
            Classes support inheritance.
            Classes stored in the heap memory, hence time consumption is more to retrieve the data.


Q46. What is constructor? Explain
    Constructor is a special type of method of a class that will automatically be invoked when an instance of class is created.
    Constructors are mainly used to initialize private fields of the class while creating the instance for the class.
    When we are not creating a constructor in the class, then compiler will automatically create a default constructor. 
        In the class that initializes all numeric fields in the class to zero and all string and object fields to null.
    There are 5 different types of constructors:
        1. Default Constructor
        2. Parameterized Constructor
        3. Static constructor
        4. Copy Constructor
        5. Private Constructor


Q47. What is Encapsulation?
    it is all about hiding of the data by wrapping the data under a special container known as a class. Which provides the 
    security to members that are defined inside in it.
        Eg: Class


Q48. What is Abstraction?
    This is all about hiding of the complexity and then provide the set of interfaces to consuming the functionality.
    Method is the good example of abstraction because when we call a method we never knows the logic behind them. We are aware
    only how to called them but not how they are defined.
        Eg: Send a message, to call someone.


Q49. What is the difference between dictionary and hashtables?
    Hashtables:
        It is thread safe.
        This stores the data in objects. Hence the boxing and un-boxing is required.
        When we try to fecth the value based on key which doesn't exist this will return null.
        Hashtables are more efficient than dictionary to handle large amount of data.
        This will not maintain the order of entry.

    Dictionary:
        It is not thread safe.
        This stores the data in values. Hence the boxing and un-boxing is not required.
        When we try to fecth the value based on key which doesn't exist this will return "KeyNotFoundException".
        This will maintain the order of entry.


Q50. What is the difference between Finalize and dispose method?
    Dispose() is called when we want for an object to release any unmanaged resources with them.
    On the other hand Finalize() is used for the same purpose but it doesn't assure the garbage collection of an object.

    