Q31. What are Nullable types?
    variable types don't store null values by default. Hence, we use nullable types syntax to store null values inside 
    Variables.


Q32. What are the important components of .NET framework? What are thier roles?
    CLR - Common Language RunTime manages the execution of programs written in any language that uses the .NET f/w,
            for eg., C#, VB.Net, F# and so on.
          CLR also manages the memory, security checks etc.,
    CTS - Common Type System has set of rules which state how a datatype should be declared, defined and used in The
            program.
          For eg., int, string, double are types managed my CTS.
    CLS - Common language specification, it is a subset of CTS. It defines a set of rules and restrictions that every
            language must follow under .NET framework.
    FCL - Framework Class Library is the collection of classes, namespaces, interfaces, and value types that are used
            for .NET applications.


Q33. What is an assembly? What are the different types of assembly in .NET?
    Assembly is a Unit of deployment like EXE or DLL.
    When you create a code and build the solution then the .NET Framework convert it into assembly which we can see inside
    bin folder.
    There are 3 types of assemblies:
        1. Private Assembly - Used by single application. Can't use outside.
        2. Shared Assembly - used by multiple applications. It is usually stored in the global assembly cache.
        3. Satellite Assembly - Assembly with resources only, no executable code.


Q34. What is GAC?
    GAC stands for Global Assembly Cache.
    It is where shared assemblies get stored in a system.


Q35. What is Garbage Collection?
    Garbage collector manages the allocation and releases the memory. It is a background running process.
        Three generations of Garbage collector:
            1. Gen 0 - When application creates fresh objects they are marked as Gen 0.
            2. Gen 1 - if objects are not cleared in Gen 0 then those are moved to Gen 1.
            3. Gen 2 - if objects are not cleared in Gen 1 then those are moved to Gen 2.


Q36. Can we force Garbage collector to run?
    Yes, GC.Collect() helps to run the garbage collector. but it is not a recommended practice. instead we can use the dispose().


Q37. What is the difference between Process and Thread?
    Process - It is an execution of a specific program or application. they are independent of each other.
    Thread - It is a small portion in a process. we can have multiple threads in a process (linked)


Q38. Explain Multithreading?
    In a Single process multiple threads will work simultaneously.
    It is way to achieve Multitasking. It saves time because multiple tasks are being executed at the same time.
    We use System.Threading namespace to use multithreading concept.


Q39. What is reflection?
    Reflection is the ability of a code to access the metadata of the assembly during runtime.
    Metadata is the data about the data.
    If we want to check the version of the assembly while running the application then we can use reflection.


Q40. What is serialization?
    It is a process of converting object to binary format (stream of bytes).
    This conversion will help us to store the data at the destination like dataases, files, memory etc.,
    It is mostly used in Web API to convert class object into JSON string.

    